[ET-760] Add Duplicate Post logic into ET/ET+ (#2703)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

* Enhancement - Add notice about the availability of Paystack for Tickets Commerce. [ET-1764]
* Enhancement - Improve performance in admin due to unnecessary Tickets Commerce calls being made. [ET-1736]
* Enhancement - Refactored CSS for Tickets Emails to better conform to email client CSS standards. [ET-1802]

> * Enhancement - Integrated Yoast Duplicate Post for seamless duplication of events, including ticket cloning. [ET-760]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enhancement - Integrated Yoast Duplicate Post for seamless duplication of tickets, while cloning events. [ET-760]
```
